{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2639
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red83\green83\blue83;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c40000\c40000\c40000;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;
}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa412\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs33 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 The IOC argues it would be discriminatory to exclude Russia and ally Belarus from sports ahead of the 2024 Paris Games; with qualifying in many sports already under way, the IOC wants athletes from those countries to compete in a neutral capacity without national symbols\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa500\partightenfactor0

\fs40 \cf0 \cb3 \strokec4 Russian athletes have "no place" at next year's Paris Olympics while their country's invasion of Ukraine continues, Ukrainian president Volodymyr Zelenskyy has told a summit of sports officials from about 30 countries.\
The International Olympic Committee (IOC) argues it would be discriminatory to exclude Russia and ally Belarus from sports ahead of the 2024 Paris Games. With qualifying in many sports already under way, the IOC wants athletes from those countries to compete in a neutral capacity without national symbols.\cb1 \
\cb3 "While Russia kills and terrorises, representatives of the terrorist state have no place at sports and Olympic competitions," Zelenskyy told the summit in an opening address by video link, according to a transcript issued by his office.\
"And it cannot be covered up with some pretended neutrality or a white flag. Because Russia is now a country that stains everything with blood - even the white flag. It must be recognised. And this must be recognised, in particular, at the level of the International Olympic Committee," Zelenskyy said. "The International Olympic Committee needs honesty. Honesty it has unfortunately lost. Honesty that will help stop Russian terror and bring peace closer."\
Zelenskyy made surprise visits to Britain and France on Wednesday, pushing for fighter jets to battle Russian invaders in a dramatic speech to the British Parliament.\
}